threejs_portfolio/README.md, before:

# My Portfolio

Welcome to my personal portfolio website, showcasing my skills, projects, and experience in software development.

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contact](#contact)

## About

This portfolio is a comprehensive showcase of my work, including full-stack development, AI products, and 3D models for the Metaverse. It highlights my passion for coding and my journey in the tech industry.

## Features

- Interactive 3D models using Three.js
- Responsive design for all devices
- Smooth scrolling navigation
- Contact form with email integration
- Dynamic project showcase

## Technologies

- React.js
- Three.js
- Tailwind CSS
- EmailJS
- Vite

## Setup

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AshuMishraG/3D_Portfolio.git
   ```

### Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd 3D_Portfolio/threejs_portfolio

3. **Install dependencies**:

npm install
Start the development server:


npm run dev

Usage
Navigate through the sections to explore my skills and projects.
Use the contact form to get in touch with me.

## Contact
Feel free to reach out via email at aashutoshm77@gmail.com or connect with me on LinkedIn.
```

Commit message:

feat: rebrand portfolio to Ashutosh Mishra
- Update project name to ashutosh-mishra-portfolio
- Change title to 'Ashutosh Mishra - Portfolio'
- Add SEO meta tags (description, author)
- Update favicon and README with proper branding
- Update version to 1.0.0

threejs_portfolio/README.md, after:

# Ashutosh Mishra - Portfolio

Welcome to my personal portfolio website, showcasing my skills, projects, and experience as an AI Developer and Software Engineer.

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contact](#contact)

## About

This portfolio is a comprehensive showcase of my work, including full-stack development, AI products, and 3D models for the Metaverse. It highlights my passion for coding and my journey in the tech industry.

## Features

- Interactive 3D models using Three.js
- Responsive design for all devices
- Smooth scrolling navigation
- Contact form with email integration
- Dynamic project showcase

## Technologies

- React.js
- Three.js
- Tailwind CSS
- EmailJS
- Vite

## Setup

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AshuMishraG/3D_Portfolio.git
   ```

### Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd 3D_Portfolio/threejs_portfolio

3. **Install dependencies**:

npm install
Start the development server:


npm run dev

Usage
Navigate through the sections to explore my skills and projects.
Use the contact form to get in touch with me.

## Contact
Feel free to reach out via email at aashutoshm77@gmail.com or connect with me on LinkedIn.
```
